Israeli Minister of Defense of Galant
says that it'll take a few more months
to dismantle Hamas in a meeting with the
US National Security adviser Dr Sullivan
Galant stressed that Israel's operations
in Gaza were going to be a long War
Bennett Smith joins us now from uh Tel
Aviv obviously a great deal to discuss
uh by Mr Sullivan uh and those meetings
with Israeli officials and a great deal
to listen to as well for both
sides
well Jake Sullivan has been is carrying
a message from Joe Biden the US
president has weathered enormous
International criticism over his
continued unwavering support for Israel
and its prosecution of its war against
Hamas and Biden has rein restated his
commitment to Israel says the US will
continue to support Israel but he's
warned that public opinion could shift
in grave ways for Israel's security and
Sullivan is carrying that message to the
Israeli government he said before he
left the US Jake Sullivan said that he
would be discussing a timetable with the
Israeli leadership on uh to end the war
and he urged urged Israel's leaders to
move to a different phrase from the kind
of high intensity operations we're
seeing now so he's been having those
meetings with Israel's leadership we
understand he's probably still in a
meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu but he's
not getting much enthusiasm for this
idea of a timetable the Israelis have
not suggested that they are committing
to a particular fixed timetable you
heard uh Galant say just before to
Sullivan that you know this is going to
take many more than just a few months
Hamas has spent years building up its
capabilities and it's going to take us a
long time to combat Hamas in the way
that we want to great deal of
speculation and talk Bernard about
what's going on within the war cabinet
and how to move forward either with oper
operations or with mediation what more
are you hearing about
this well we know that the families of
the captives are very frustrated they
are not hearing anything about
negotiations at the moment they've said
uh a statement earlier on today that
they feel the government is playing
Russian roulette and they want an update
due to the Fatal freeze in talks well it
seems that the war cam is in agreement
that there's no point in the mosad head
traveling to Kata at the moment because
Israel's war cabinet believes hamas's
leadership in Gaza has lost touch with
lost contact with hamas's leadership in
Doha so there's no point going to Doha
because there's no way of finding out
what's ham what Hamas wants the
difference we think in the war cabinet
is that uh Benny Gant wants the cateres
to in the meanwhile proactively try and
find out uh what what Hamas wants while
Benjamin Netanyahu and the defense
minister they prefer to take a passive
approach to wait and see what Hamas
comes up with benett Smith Force there
with that update from telie thank
you